Addition of new auth-method fields to consul cli commands section (#2769)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v1.22.x/content/api-docs/acl/tokens.mdx

### JSON Request Body Schema

- `Name` `(string: "")` - Specifies an optional name for the token.
  If `Name` is empty and you use the [auth method TokenNameFormat
  parameter](/consul/api-docs/acl/auth-methods#tokennameformat), Consul

>   generates the token name from the `TokenNameFormat` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If empty, Consul generates the name from the
  [TokenNameFormat](/consul/api-docs/acl/auth-methods#tokennameformat) value.
```

Author: Done.

### JSON Request Body Schema

> - `Name` `(string: "")` - Specifies an optional name for the token.

Reviewer: Does this parameter have a default value?

Author: No default value for update api
